Announcing TDD (a software development methodology)
===================================================

It seems like every few months some unknown software developer announces a new
development methodology that they invented that will result in drastic
improvements to software production and is the "one true" way to develop
software. Perhaps creating your own development methodology is a rite of passage
that all mindful developers must pass through. You may be reading this and
thinking "Oh great here we go again. Some nutjob is going to announce his new
development methodology that he created." We'll I'm sorry to disappoint but I am
not going to announce a new creation today. The development methodology that I'm
introducing today is not one that I created but one that exists naturally in the
universe. I am not it's creator but it's discoverer and spokesperson. This
development methodology exists as a fundamental building block, like atoms,
quarks, energy and bacon. Today I'm proud to announce a development methodology
I lovingly call "Testosterone Driven Development".

I would love to tell you about how Testosterone Driven Development will change
the world, but that's unnecessary it already has. I'd love to tell you about how
it will become so popular it will sweep the globe, but the globe has already
been swept. I want to tell all of you that you will soon see this in methodology
in your office so you better start studying or you will be left behind, but I'm
sure you've already seen it and felt it's influence. It's likely being practiced
by members of your team already, but perhaps like the spinning of your CPU's fan
its presence is so constant and unchanging that it's become invisible white
noise, only noticeable when you focus your caffeine sharpened senses on it.

Today as your humble guide I will share with you the gospel of Testosterone
Driven Development (hereafter called TDD, because no one has ever used that
acronym before).

1. TDD'ers never profile before optimizing.
-------------------------------------------
Because hey you have intimate working knowledge of your program, and all of the
libraries it uses, and the libraries they use, and the kernel your program is
running on, and the machine code instructions that will be generated by the
compilers and the number of cycles each machine code instruction will take, and
the scheduling of threads, the lock contention, the interaction of the garbage
collector, and the latency of IO etc. Since you have all of that in your head
and have modeled all of the likely execution scenarios you know exactly where
the bottleneck is and can optimize it by injecting hand written assembly into
your code. Anyone that doesn't hold all of that state in their brain is a wuss
and should not be allowed to touch a computer.

2. TDD'ers never compile before pushing.
----------------------------------------
Your fingers are so full of testosterone that they simply can't type code that
doesn't compile. In fact your code is so manly it will even compile in the
presence of syntax errors. Does anyone really think the 98 pound weakling of a
compiler will even be able to emit a warning with your code? NO!

3. TDD'ers never write unit tests.
----------------------------------
Unit tests are for developers that write bugs. You never write bugs. If they
think they need to write a unit test they should put their keyboard back in
their purse and go home.

4. TDD'ers never write comments.
--------------------------------
Comments only encourage the weak to modify your code. You don't want them
leaking any of their estrogen on your manly code, so don't encourage them by
adding comments.

